1. Line 9 prints values added: 20
2. Line 13 prints final result:  20
3. Line 9 prints values added: 20
4. Line 13 is an error because let has variable result declared within the block and this statement on line 13 yields an error as the result variable is outside the block therefore outside the scope of the block where variable result was declared using let
5. Line 9 prints an error because the added total of num1 and num2 is assigned to a constant variable
6. Line 13 prints an error because line 9 isn't able to run because of the invalid assignment of the two variables to a constant variables, therefore terminating the program after line 9
7. Line 13 prints 150 because line 13 prints the very last loop iteration. The last loop iteration runs through the last value of the array discounted, which is 300. As the last array value is 300, the loop's first line calculates the last array item, 300 multiplied by 1 minus 0.5. The next two lines calculate finalPrice and pushes the calculation into the array discounted.
8. Line 14 prints 150 because line 14 prints the very last loop iteration. The last loop iteration runs through the last value of the array discounted, which is 300. As the last array value is 300, the loop's first line calculates the last array item, 300 multiplied by 1 minus 0.5. The next line will calculate the finalPrice which is the rounding of the discountedPrice variable from the previous line calculation times 100 all divided by 100, which would yield 150.
9. This function will return the array discounted because the function calculates and pushes each finalPrice value into the newly created array of discounted and then returns discounted after running the for loop.
10. Line 12 will return an error because printing i is out of the scope of the for loop. i was declared in the for loop and print statement was written outside the for loop therefore trying to output i would be an error.
11. Line 13 will return an error because printing discountedPrice is out of the scope of the for loop. discountedPrice was declared in the for loop and print statement was written outside the for loop therefore trying to output discountedPrice would be an error.
12. Line 14 will print 150 as finalPrice was not declared with let and uses the last value in the array of discount to display 150 for the last loop iteration. The last loop iteration runs through the last value of the array discounted, which is 300. As the last array value is 300, the loop's first line calculates the last array item, 300 multiplied by 1 minus 0.5. The next line will calculate the finalPrice which is the rounding of the discountedPrice variable from the previous line calculation times 100 all divided by 100, which would yield 150.
13. This function will return an array discounted because every iteration of the four loop, finalPrice, which is not declared with let, is pushed onto the array of discounted then returned as a whole after the for loop.
14. Line 11 will return an error because printing i is out of the scope of the for loop. i was declared in the for loop and print statement was written outside the for loop therefore trying to output i would be an error.
15. Line 12 will return 3 because length is declared as a constant with the length of array prices. Throughout the for loop and function, length is not changed at all, therefore printing length would print 3 as length is not changed.
16. The function will return the array discounted because discounted is declared as a constant array meaning the array cannot change its current value but it can be pushed with new values